It's about 90° out today, but the
water's still I don't know what it is.
Probably like 50.
Kind of stinks putting on a wet suit
when it's 90° out. It is windy though,
so that helps. But
going to overheat today.
This is my first session on any Axis
foil ever, but my first one on the Axis
Art V299.
Um, I had a really great session with
this. It was very, very small waves.
This was recorded back in very early
June. I'm playing catch-up on some
footage here, but yeah, waves were super
small. It was almost like could have
been downwind conditions, but this wing
had perfect glide. Um, it was big enough
where I could turn back into the wind
and um, pump through it to go connect
another wave. And also breaching the
wing tip was super smooth and easy. I
was getting it out a little bit in some
of these clips. But yeah, all in all, I
was really enjoying this swing. I don't
really have any complaints on it. paired
it with the foil drive assist Max, the
Max power battery, the high power motor,
the Zapple 50
uh 38 L trench board. I had a 80 cm CERS
aluminum mast and then I had a skinny
axis tail on it. So, hope you enjoy this
video. Thanks.
Heat.
[Applause]
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat.
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Applause]
Heat up
here.
[Music]
Heat.
[Applause]
[Music]